Add builder-hub version requirement (#574)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/release-notes/application-form-to-access-vtex-io-builders-is-no-longer-required.md

## What needs to be done?

> If you want to use any builder, you can just add it to the [manifest](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-manifest) of your application. You also need `vtex.builder-hub@0.293.4` or newer [installed](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-usage#installing-an-app) in your account. For more information, check our [builders](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-builders) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a specific builder, you need to add it to the [manifest](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-manifest) of your app. You also need `vtex.builder-hub@0.293.4` or a more recent version [installed](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-usage#installing-an-app) in your account. 

For more information, check our [builders](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-builders) documentation.
```
